Add note on add_default_labels to Storage docs (#4064)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/orchestration/flow_config/storage.md

:::tip Automatic Labels
Flows registered with this storage option will automatically be labeled with
the hostname of the machine from which it was registered; this prevents agents

> not running on the same machine from attempting to run this flow. This behavior
> can be overridden by passing `add_default_labels = False` to the constructor:
> ```python
> flow = Flow("local-flow", storage=Local(add_default_labels = False))
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not running on the same machine from attempting to run this flow. This behavior
can be overridden by passing `add_default_labels=False` to the object:
```python
flow = Flow("local-flow", storage=Local(add_default_labels=False))
```
```
